_portfolio/activities4us.md, before:

---
layout: single-template
type: product
project: Activities4Us
role: Product Designer
client: Student Project
under: Iowa State University
underurl:
year: 2012
phases: Discovery Phase, Product Refinement Phase
tools: Paper/Pencil, Illustrator, PhotoShop, IntuitionHQ, Numbers, Keynote
overview: It is Saturday afternoon. You are sitting on your couch, home alone with no plans. The friends you usually hang out with are either sick or traveling. Nothing that you want to watch is on the television and you've just returned the movies you had from your rental company. You've recently heard through office colleges that there is a new website that helps you find activities in your area. You grab your laptop and enter the website address - www.activities4.us
problemstatement: My project is a system (human-machine) designed for its users to seek out activities. Activities 4 Us is a web-based application where a user inputs their location by zip code, how many people will participate in the activity and starts a query. They are then presented with a list of results of activities; in their area, happening within 24 hours from their search, displayed depending on local weather (no Frisbee in the park option offered if it is currently raining or calling for rain), date accessed (no picnic suggestions if it is winter) and separated by low-to-no cost activities and activities requiring money. Additionally, at this point, users can also select a set of filters to narrow down the type of activity they might want to take part in.
users: To create my User Profile I decided that it would be best to focus on a narrower age group (21–55). While I do see value in the 56–70 and 71+ range markets, I feel that they are, at this current time, both secondary markets for this system. This is not to say anything ill of either demographic – the future intention of this system is to be available for anyone seeking activities. However, in addition to time constraints for this project, I thought it best to focus on one age group to start with and tailor the system to then meet the needs of a wider audience later.
persona:
constraints:
process: To begin the interview process I contacted twelve people to request interview times. Of those twelve people, nine responded to schedule interview times. Of those nine, seven people were able to appear for their scheduled interview. There was a slight gender bias due to availability of participants (28.6% Male / 71.4% Female).  <br><br>  Interviews were conducted individually and interview subjects were asked to silence their mobile phones before the interview began. For the interviews, I followed the process in 'Understanding Your Users' (Courage/Baxter). As subjects arrived for their interview time, I welcomed them, took their coats and showed them to the interview area. At this point I asked them to sit at the east end of the table and offered them a bottle of water. To warm them up, I engaged them in basic conversation, with the focus on them being the priority of the conversation to try to get them comfortable being the main speaker. After a few minutes of this, I asked them if we should get started and then presented them with a 'Statement of Consent', followed by a 'Confidentiality Agreement'. These forms were reproduced from 'Understanding Your Users' sample forms. Samples of these forms can be found in Appendix II. Once the user had signed the forms, I collected the forms and then gave them a page of 'User Notes' and explained that any notes they may need to take should be recorded on this paper and that the notes would be collected at the end of the interview.  <br><br>  At this point I would ask permission to record and when given, announce that I was starting the video. I had prepared two pages of questions. The questions had three different sections and then the wants and needs brainstorming activity. The sections were - 'Defining Boredom', 'Finding Activities' and 'Accessibility of Websites/Interfaces'. My purpose for asking these questions was to -   <br><br>  • Find reasons and situations as to when a user might access my system   <br>  • How active in finding things to do a user might be when bored   <br>  • What activities users might be looking for   <br>  • What types of refining searches a user might desire for my system   <br>  • What other methods users interact with to find activities   <br>  • What makes a good design in terms of accessibility   <br><br>  A review of the questions can be found in the next section of this review. A clean copy of the interview questions can be found in Appendix III. The results I'm adding here are a summary of my conclusions. Detailed results can be found in Appendix IV.   <br><br>  <b>Defining Boredom Review</b>  <br>  The first thing to note is that most of the participants find themselves filling their free time by watching TV but in comparison, watching TV was only listed by one participant as something they want to do with their free time. Just less than 50% of the participants are bored when they are left alone, and 6 out of 7 rely on friends for their source of activities. Friends are going to be difficult for my system to contend with, however those other people need a source to find activities to do, which my system could fill. 85.6% of the participants use the internet to find activities. The design of my system will need to consider users who are feeling anxious and annoyed/irritated by their boredom.    <br><br>  <b>Finding Activities Review</b>   <br>  100% of the participants interviewed use the internet to find activities. 71.4% of those interviewed typically do activities that cost money, however, it should be considered that the other 28.6% responded that "sometimes" their activities cost money. My system should consider the sites that the participants use (Metromix, Yelp, Groupon, Google...) as competitor examples and try to refine/simplify my system in comparison. My system should separate activities by cost and consider priority to activities that cost money. One question that could have been asked to clarify is - "Do you prefer activities that cost over those that do not?". Users may find themselves taking part in for-cost activities but prefer to not spend money if given the option.
processdoc: activities4us-process.pdf
processdocprompt: Process Document
outcome: <b>Major Problems</b> I do not think I found any usability disasters in my system, however, one major problem that I encountered in my user testing was that the system is unclear about how to return to the ‘Home’ or main search screen. I had built in a link in the logo, which is standard practice when designing websites, but I’m not sure if all the users would have understood that. <br><br>  The breadcrumb system was either not clear or overlooked. This can be resolved by changing the breadcrumb wording to reflect ‘Home’ instead of its current ‘Search 4 Activities’. Additionally, a ‘Home’ link could be added to the header and footer navigation. I do think that would create an aesthetic imbalance in the links (i.e, three on one side, two on the other) so perhaps some thought should go in to creating an additional link to balance them out.  <br><br>  Another major problem deals with the ‘New Search’ button below the filters. This was another way that I thought users could find their way back to the ‘Home’ screen, however, it proved problematic for User 003 - <br> <br> <q>“The ‘New Search’ button confused once at the beginning me because I felt like it was an ‘Apply’.”</q> <cite>– User 003</cite> <br> <br> This is a very good point. If users are accustomed to clicking an ‘Apply’ button when filtering, they may reset the query  accidentally. The ‘New Search’ button this is placed in a similar position to where an ‘Apply’ button normally would be.  <br><br>  <b>Cosmetic Problems</b> <br>  Speaking again to the ‘Apply’ button major issue I discussed above, this is also a cosmetic problem. The content of the  ‘How 2 Use’ page notes that this would be the location of the ‘Reset Filter’ button. We don’t want users making the  same mistake with that button either. It would probably be best to disconnect the ‘Reset Filter’ button from the ‘Activity  Filter’ box altogether, removing the grouping of the two items.  <br><br>  <b>New Feature Requests</b> <br> <q>"Take ‘new feature’ requests with a grain of salt."</q> <cite>– Steve Krug, Don’t Make Me Think</cite> <br><br>  User 001 brought up an interesting idea that I hadn’t considered – to create an optional log in on the site that users would not have to sign up to use the system, but if they did it could track their activities, potentially suggest new activities and store information to populate the search fields.My original intent was that location would be handled by the ZIP search, but is has been brought to my attention of the situations of locations on ZIP code dividing lines, where just a short distance from the user’s current location may be a different ZIP. Something should be considered for situations like this so users wouldn’t need to do multiple searches to find local activities.User 003 also brought up a point that should be considered - <br> <br> <q>“The ‘All Activities Map’ seems out of place to me because it’s ‘No Cost’, ‘Paid Activities’ and then ‘All Activities Map’ whereas the other two don’t have maps. Like, why is this one a map instead of just all activities and I can turn on a map?”</q> <cite>– User 003</cite> <br> <br> The original intent for the ‘All Activities Map’ was to have an overview of the area and the activities to do. While there was only one user to bring up this issue, perhaps everyone would benefit from a tab that just listed ‘All Activities’. It might take the place of the query landing page and then users could use the tabs to filter between ‘Free Activities’ and ‘Paid Activities’. Or, to go a step further, perhaps the tabs could be eliminated completely and be replaced by additional filters in the ‘Activity Filter’
externalurl:
externalprompt:
collection-image: Sketch_V01-A.jpg
image01: Wireframe-Prototype_Page_11.jpg
image02: chart02.jpg
image03: sketch_v4.jpg
image04:
image05:
---

Commit message:

meta descriptions for all pages

_portfolio/activities4us.md, after:

---
layout: single-template
meta: Ryan Wilson has worked on many client projects. These are just an example of some of the excellent product design work that he could do on your project.
type: product
project: Activities4Us
role: Product Designer
client: Student Project
under: Iowa State University
underurl:
year: 2012
phases: Discovery Phase, Product Refinement Phase
tools: Paper/Pencil, Illustrator, PhotoShop, IntuitionHQ, Numbers, Keynote
overview: It is Saturday afternoon. You are sitting on your couch, home alone with no plans. The friends you usually hang out with are either sick or traveling. Nothing that you want to watch is on the television and you've just returned the movies you had from your rental company. You've recently heard through office colleges that there is a new website that helps you find activities in your area. You grab your laptop and enter the website address - www.activities4.us
problemstatement: My project is a system (human-machine) designed for its users to seek out activities. Activities 4 Us is a web-based application where a user inputs their location by zip code, how many people will participate in the activity and starts a query. They are then presented with a list of results of activities; in their area, happening within 24 hours from their search, displayed depending on local weather (no Frisbee in the park option offered if it is currently raining or calling for rain), date accessed (no picnic suggestions if it is winter) and separated by low-to-no cost activities and activities requiring money. Additionally, at this point, users can also select a set of filters to narrow down the type of activity they might want to take part in.
users: To create my User Profile I decided that it would be best to focus on a narrower age group (21–55). While I do see value in the 56–70 and 71+ range markets, I feel that they are, at this current time, both secondary markets for this system. This is not to say anything ill of either demographic – the future intention of this system is to be available for anyone seeking activities. However, in addition to time constraints for this project, I thought it best to focus on one age group to start with and tailor the system to then meet the needs of a wider audience later.
persona:
constraints:
process: To begin the interview process I contacted twelve people to request interview times. Of those twelve people, nine responded to schedule interview times. Of those nine, seven people were able to appear for their scheduled interview. There was a slight gender bias due to availability of participants (28.6% Male / 71.4% Female).  <br><br>  Interviews were conducted individually and interview subjects were asked to silence their mobile phones before the interview began. For the interviews, I followed the process in 'Understanding Your Users' (Courage/Baxter). As subjects arrived for their interview time, I welcomed them, took their coats and showed them to the interview area. At this point I asked them to sit at the east end of the table and offered them a bottle of water. To warm them up, I engaged them in basic conversation, with the focus on them being the priority of the conversation to try to get them comfortable being the main speaker. After a few minutes of this, I asked them if we should get started and then presented them with a 'Statement of Consent', followed by a 'Confidentiality Agreement'. These forms were reproduced from 'Understanding Your Users' sample forms. Samples of these forms can be found in Appendix II. Once the user had signed the forms, I collected the forms and then gave them a page of 'User Notes' and explained that any notes they may need to take should be recorded on this paper and that the notes would be collected at the end of the interview.  <br><br>  At this point I would ask permission to record and when given, announce that I was starting the video. I had prepared two pages of questions. The questions had three different sections and then the wants and needs brainstorming activity. The sections were - 'Defining Boredom', 'Finding Activities' and 'Accessibility of Websites/Interfaces'. My purpose for asking these questions was to -   <br><br>  • Find reasons and situations as to when a user might access my system   <br>  • How active in finding things to do a user might be when bored   <br>  • What activities users might be looking for   <br>  • What types of refining searches a user might desire for my system   <br>  • What other methods users interact with to find activities   <br>  • What makes a good design in terms of accessibility   <br><br>  A review of the questions can be found in the next section of this review. A clean copy of the interview questions can be found in Appendix III. The results I'm adding here are a summary of my conclusions. Detailed results can be found in Appendix IV.   <br><br>  <b>Defining Boredom Review</b>  <br>  The first thing to note is that most of the participants find themselves filling their free time by watching TV but in comparison, watching TV was only listed by one participant as something they want to do with their free time. Just less than 50% of the participants are bored when they are left alone, and 6 out of 7 rely on friends for their source of activities. Friends are going to be difficult for my system to contend with, however those other people need a source to find activities to do, which my system could fill. 85.6% of the participants use the internet to find activities. The design of my system will need to consider users who are feeling anxious and annoyed/irritated by their boredom.    <br><br>  <b>Finding Activities Review</b>   <br>  100% of the participants interviewed use the internet to find activities. 71.4% of those interviewed typically do activities that cost money, however, it should be considered that the other 28.6% responded that "sometimes" their activities cost money. My system should consider the sites that the participants use (Metromix, Yelp, Groupon, Google...) as competitor examples and try to refine/simplify my system in comparison. My system should separate activities by cost and consider priority to activities that cost money. One question that could have been asked to clarify is - "Do you prefer activities that cost over those that do not?". Users may find themselves taking part in for-cost activities but prefer to not spend money if given the option.
processdoc: activities4us-process.pdf
processdocprompt: Process Document
outcome: <b>Major Problems</b> I do not think I found any usability disasters in my system, however, one major problem that I encountered in my user testing was that the system is unclear about how to return to the ‘Home’ or main search screen. I had built in a link in the logo, which is standard practice when designing websites, but I’m not sure if all the users would have understood that. <br><br>  The breadcrumb system was either not clear or overlooked. This can be resolved by changing the breadcrumb wording to reflect ‘Home’ instead of its current ‘Search 4 Activities’. Additionally, a ‘Home’ link could be added to the header and footer navigation. I do think that would create an aesthetic imbalance in the links (i.e, three on one side, two on the other) so perhaps some thought should go in to creating an additional link to balance them out.  <br><br>  Another major problem deals with the ‘New Search’ button below the filters. This was another way that I thought users could find their way back to the ‘Home’ screen, however, it proved problematic for User 003 - <br> <br> <q>“The ‘New Search’ button confused once at the beginning me because I felt like it was an ‘Apply’.”</q> <cite>– User 003</cite> <br> <br> This is a very good point. If users are accustomed to clicking an ‘Apply’ button when filtering, they may reset the query  accidentally. The ‘New Search’ button this is placed in a similar position to where an ‘Apply’ button normally would be.  <br><br>  <b>Cosmetic Problems</b> <br>  Speaking again to the ‘Apply’ button major issue I discussed above, this is also a cosmetic problem. The content of the  ‘How 2 Use’ page notes that this would be the location of the ‘Reset Filter’ button. We don’t want users making the  same mistake with that button either. It would probably be best to disconnect the ‘Reset Filter’ button from the ‘Activity  Filter’ box altogether, removing the grouping of the two items.  <br><br>  <b>New Feature Requests</b> <br> <q>"Take ‘new feature’ requests with a grain of salt."</q> <cite>– Steve Krug, Don’t Make Me Think</cite> <br><br>  User 001 brought up an interesting idea that I hadn’t considered – to create an optional log in on the site that users would not have to sign up to use the system, but if they did it could track their activities, potentially suggest new activities and store information to populate the search fields.My original intent was that location would be handled by the ZIP search, but is has been brought to my attention of the situations of locations on ZIP code dividing lines, where just a short distance from the user’s current location may be a different ZIP. Something should be considered for situations like this so users wouldn’t need to do multiple searches to find local activities.User 003 also brought up a point that should be considered - <br> <br> <q>“The ‘All Activities Map’ seems out of place to me because it’s ‘No Cost’, ‘Paid Activities’ and then ‘All Activities Map’ whereas the other two don’t have maps. Like, why is this one a map instead of just all activities and I can turn on a map?”</q> <cite>– User 003</cite> <br> <br> The original intent for the ‘All Activities Map’ was to have an overview of the area and the activities to do. While there was only one user to bring up this issue, perhaps everyone would benefit from a tab that just listed ‘All Activities’. It might take the place of the query landing page and then users could use the tabs to filter between ‘Free Activities’ and ‘Paid Activities’. Or, to go a step further, perhaps the tabs could be eliminated completely and be replaced by additional filters in the ‘Activity Filter’
externalurl:
externalprompt:
collection-image: Sketch_V01-A.jpg
image01: Wireframe-Prototype_Page_11.jpg
image02: chart02.jpg
image03: sketch_v4.jpg
image04:
image05:
---
