_portfolio/johnsonandjohnson.md, before:

---
layout: single-template
meta: Ryan Wilson has worked on many client projects. These are just an example of some of the excellent product design work that he could do on your project.
type: product
project: Johnson & Johnson
role: Product Designer
client: Acorio
year: 2017
under: Bitovi
underurl: https://www.bitovi.com
phases: Discovery Phase
tools: Research, Sketch
overview: Bitovi was asked to help with the product discovery for the improvement of an internal ticketing software tool used at Johnson & Johnson
problemstatement: Johnson & Johnson had an internal ticketing tool, yet their employees were calling customer support for help with issues that the automated ticking tool could support at a high rate. The client wanted to decrease the number of calls into the support line and increase usage of the automated ticketing app.
users:
persona:
constraints:
process: We were engaged for an eight-week discovery phase to identify the requirements for refining an internal ticketing tool. We began by performing at two different user interviews and user observations at a J&J facility in New Jersey, as well as remote interviews and observations with international J&J employees. It was our goal to streamline the ticketing process, however, we found that employees were not aware of the availability of the product, or had a negative relationship with the ticketing application.
processdoc:
processdocprompt:
outcome: We created and vetted improved user flows that would be more user-friendly, would direct users to use the self-service documentation, and empower users to find solutions before contacting the support team. From those flows, we created and tested an updated wireframe prototype concept.
value: <ul><li>Captured a detailed understanding of what users are looking for in a ticketing system</li> <li>Increased awareness of self-support</li> <li>Recommended a streamlined user flow to reduce time to report an issue</li> <li>Recommended uniform design patterns to increase usability of UI</li> </ul>
externalurl:
externalprompt:
webpcollection-image: jandj-report_Page_19.webp
webpimage01: jandj-report_Page_18.webp
webpimage02: jandj-1.webp
webpimage03: jandj-2.webp
webpimage04: jandj-3.webp
webpimage05: jandj-4.webp
collection-image: jandj-report_Page_19.jpg
image01: jandj-report_Page_18.jpg
image02: jandj-1.jpg
image03: jandj-2.jpg
image04: jandj-3.jpg
image05: jandj-4.jpg
---

Commit message:

this adds kroger case study, updates case study layout to include similar button interaction as the rest of the site, updates content for all UX case studies, fixes a lot of spelling errors, etc

_portfolio/johnsonandjohnson.md, after:

---
layout: single-template
meta: Ryan Wilson has worked on many client projects. These are just an example of some of the excellent product design work that he could do on your project.
type: product
title: Johnson & Johnson
project: Johnson & Johnson
role: Product Designer
client: Acorio
year: 2017
under: Bitovi
underurl: https://www.bitovi.com
phases: Discovery
tools: Research, Sketch
represents: <ul><li>Performing the end-to-end UX process</li><li>How efficiently I work</li><li>How I collaborate with stakeholders and teams</li><li>My focus on creating user-centered products</li><li>User testing internationally, across time zones</li><li>Prototyping in InVision</li><li>Creating, scheduling, running, and analyzing user tests</li></ul>
overview: Johnson & Johnson had an internal ticketing tool, yet their employees were calling customer support for help with issues that the automated ticking tool could support at a high rate. The client wanted to decrease the number of calls into the support line and increase usage of the automated ticketing app.
problemstatement: I was engaged for an eight-week discovery phase to identify the requirements for refining an internal ticketing tool. I began by performing at two different sets of user interviews and user observations both onsite at a J&J facility in New Jersey, as well as remote interviews and observations with international J&J employees.</br></br>It was my intended goal to make recommendations to streamline the ticketing process, however, I found that many employees were not aware of the availability of the product, or had a negative relationship with the ticketing application. </br></br> One of the difficulties I encountered on this project was that the team I was working with did not fully realize the UX process and saw my role as recommending visual UI improvements and redesigning the product page by page.
users:
persona:
constraints:
process:
processdoc:
processdocprompt:
solutions: <ul><li>I worked a flexed schedule to accommodate meeting times with international testers</li><li>I worked with translators provided by J&J to assist during user testing to help when translation was needed</li><li>I advocated for the UX process, gave demonstrations in team meetings to support my methodology, and hosted UX training sessions to support changing minds</li><li>I compromised in my UX process, making sure to provide high-fidelity visual representations to satisfy the stakeholder while still doing the right thing for the UX process in the background</li></ul>
outcome: <ul><li>I created and vetted improved user flows that would be more user-friendly, would direct users to use the self-service documentation, and empower users to find solutions before contacting the support team</li><li>I created and tested an updated wireframe prototype concept</li><li>I performed heuristics reviews and UX design reviews of the product</li><li>I provided high-fidelity mockups for screens that needed improvement based on patterning and similar components identified in reviews</li></ul>
value: <ul><li>Captured a detailed understanding of what users are looking for in a ticketing system</li> <li>Increased awareness of self-support</li> <li>Recommended a streamlined user flow to reduce time to report an issue</li> <li>Recommended uniform design patterns to increase usability of UI</li> </ul>
externalurl:
externalprompt:
webpcollection-image: jandj-report_Page_19.webp
webpimage01: jandj-report_Page_18.webp
webpimage02: jandj-1.webp
webpimage03: jandj-2.webp
webpimage04: jandj-3.webp
webpimage05: jandj-4.webp
collection-image: jandj-report_Page_19.jpg
image01: jandj-report_Page_18.jpg
image02: jandj-1.jpg
image03: jandj-2.jpg
image04: jandj-3.jpg
image05: jandj-4.jpg
---
