_portfolio/lowes.md, before:

---
layout: single-template
meta: Ryan Wilson has worked on many client projects. These are just an example of some of the excellent product design work that he could do on your project.
type: product
project: Iris Home Automation
role: Product Designer
client: Lowes
year: 2018
under: Bitovi
underurl: https://www.bitovi.com
phases: Discovery Phase
tools: Research, Sketch, Axure
overview: Bitovi was hired to build the web app for running, reviewing, and setting up rules for Lowes Iris home automation products. As Product Designer, during our engagement, we noticed that there was no direct way for users to purchase products through the webapp. Instead, users would have to navigate away from the Iris app to Lowes.com to find and purchase additional home automation products, resulting in lost sales and a user flow that lost customers
problemstatement: In the Lowes Iris app, users are able to see what products they need to be able to do a certain task. For example, a user could see that with the right product, they could set up rules for watering their lawn. However, to purchase the product the user had to navigate away from the Iris app to Lowes.com to find and purchase the product they wanted. <br><br> The Bitovi team identified this as a place to connect users with products and increase sales for Lowes.
users:
webppersona:
persona:
constraints:
process: Bitovi had already been building the application, so we knew what the possibilities were in integrating product sales within the product. Working alongside a Bitovi developer, we created two optional flow solutions that we took to the client for approval.
processdoc:
processdocprompt:
outcome: After a successful presentation, the client chose the in-app purchasing path and we began planning for implimentation.
externalurl: https://www.bitovi.com/web-application-consulting-work/iris-lowes-iot-home-automation-app
externalprompt: Bitovi Development Case Study
webpcollection-image: lowes-iris_Page_03.webp
webpimage01: lowes-iris_Page_04.webp
webpimage02: lowes-iris_Page_05.webp
webpimage03: lowes-iris_Page_06.webp
webpimage04: lowes-iris_Page_07.webp
webpimage05: lowes-iris_Page_08.webp
collection-image: lowes-iris_Page_03.jpg
image01: lowes-iris_Page_04.jpg
image02: lowes-iris_Page_05.jpg
image03: lowes-iris_Page_06.jpg
image04: lowes-iris_Page_07.jpg
image05: lowes-iris_Page_08.jpg
---

Commit message:

this adds kroger case study, updates case study layout to include similar button interaction as the rest of the site, updates content for all UX case studies, fixes a lot of spelling errors, etc

_portfolio/lowes.md, after:

---
layout: single-template
meta: Ryan Wilson has worked on many client projects. These are just an example of some of the excellent product design work that he could do on your project.
type: product
title: Lowe's Iris
project: Iris Home Automation
role: Product Designer
client: Lowe's
year: 2018
under: Bitovi
underurl: https://www.bitovi.com
phases: Discovery
tools: Research, Sketch, Axure
represents: <ul><li>Performing the end-to-end UX process</li><li>How efficiently I work</li><li>How I collaborate with stakeholders and teams</li><li>My focus on creating user-centered products</li><li>Writing HTML (Stache) and CSS (SCSS and LESS)</li><li>How I help identify beneficial solutions for the stakeholder and the users</li></ul>
overview: Bitovi was hired to build the web app for running, reviewing, and setting up rules for Lowe's Iris home automation products. As Product Designer, during our engagement, a team member and I noticed that there was no direct way for users to purchase products through the web application. Instead, users would have to navigate away from the Iris app to lowes.com to find and purchase additional home automation products, resulting in lost sales and a user flow that lost customers
problemstatement: The group at Lowe's that we were working with was not directly related to the eCommerce project. We had to get introduced, prepare a presentation that outlined two possible solutions, and present to a different team and stakeholders to get buy-in and approval.
users:
webppersona:
persona:
constraints:
process:
processdoc:
processdocprompt:
solutions: Bitovi had already been building the web application, so we knew what the possibilities were in integrating product sales within the product. Working alongside a developer, we created two optional flow solutions that we took to the client for approval.
outcome: After a successful presentation, the client chose the in-app purchasing path and we began planning for implementation and integration on the product. 
value: <ul><li>Improved retention of users to the automation site</li> <li>Increase sales of products by allowing purchase in-app</li> </ul>
externalurl: https://www.bitovi.com/web-application-consulting-work/iris-lowes-iot-home-automation-app
externalprompt: Bitovi Development Case Study
webpcollection-image: lowes-iris_Page_03.webp
webpimage01: lowes-iris_Page_04.webp
webpimage02: lowes-iris_Page_05.webp
webpimage03: lowes-iris_Page_06.webp
webpimage04: lowes-iris_Page_07.webp
webpimage05: lowes-iris_Page_08.webp
collection-image: lowes-iris_Page_03.jpg
image01: lowes-iris_Page_04.jpg
image02: lowes-iris_Page_05.jpg
image03: lowes-iris_Page_06.jpg
image04: lowes-iris_Page_07.jpg
image05: lowes-iris_Page_08.jpg
---
