_portfolio/nre-labs.md, before:

---
layout: single-template
type: product
project: NRE Labs
role: Product Designer
client: Juniper Networks
year: 2019
under: Bitovi
underurl: https://www.bitovi.com
phases: Discovery Phase
tools: Research, Google Forms, Sketch
overview: The client wanted to improve their information/marketing site as well their application, an existing product that helps users train to be Network Reliability Engineers (NREs). We engaged with the client starting with a Discovery phase, documented here. <br><br> We performed user interviews, two different heuristic analysis, a user flow review, an aesthetic review, and a responsive design audit.
problemstatement:
users:
persona:
constraints:
process:
processdoc:
processdocprompt:
outcome: In a six-week discovery of the NRE Labs application and website were able to come back with an actionable list of requirements to for a refinement phase, including 40+ points for refining the product in the next phase, high-level website design concepts and aesthetic design requirements including a basic style guide, identifying the need for an in-depth accessibility (a11y) review, issues and solutions for fixing the website responsive design, a strong recommendation for performance improvements, and recommendations for improvements of the training app - including concepts for a mobile training layout.
externalurl:
externalprompt:
collection-image: nrelabs-StyleGuide.jpg
image01: nrelabs-Lesson-DesktopP2.jpg
image02: nrelabs-Lesson-Desktop.jpg
image03: nrelabs-Lesson-MobileOPTION.jpg
image04: nrelabs-Landing-Desktop.jpg
image05: nrelabs-Catalog-Desktop.jpg
---

Commit message:

meta descriptions for all pages

_portfolio/nre-labs.md, after:

---
layout: single-template
meta: Ryan Wilson has worked on many client projects. These are just an example of some of the excellent product design work that he could do on your project.
meta: Ryan Wilson has worked on many client projects. These are just an example of some of the excellent product design work that he could do on your project.
type: product
project: NRE Labs
role: Product Designer
client: Juniper Networks
year: 2019
under: Bitovi
underurl: https://www.bitovi.com
phases: Discovery Phase
tools: Research, Google Forms, Sketch
overview: The client wanted to improve their information/marketing site as well their application, an existing product that helps users train to be Network Reliability Engineers (NREs). We engaged with the client starting with a Discovery phase, documented here. <br><br> We performed user interviews, two different heuristic analysis, a user flow review, an aesthetic review, and a responsive design audit.
problemstatement:
users:
persona:
constraints:
process:
processdoc:
processdocprompt:
outcome: In a six-week discovery of the NRE Labs application and website were able to come back with an actionable list of requirements to for a refinement phase, including 40+ points for refining the product in the next phase, high-level website design concepts and aesthetic design requirements including a basic style guide, identifying the need for an in-depth accessibility (a11y) review, issues and solutions for fixing the website responsive design, a strong recommendation for performance improvements, and recommendations for improvements of the training app - including concepts for a mobile training layout.
externalurl:
externalprompt:
collection-image: nrelabs-StyleGuide.jpg
image01: nrelabs-Lesson-DesktopP2.jpg
image02: nrelabs-Lesson-Desktop.jpg
image03: nrelabs-Lesson-MobileOPTION.jpg
image04: nrelabs-Landing-Desktop.jpg
image05: nrelabs-Catalog-Desktop.jpg
---
