_portfolio/pipr.md, before:

---
layout: single-template
type: product
project: Pipr
role: Product Designer
client: Lowes
year: 2018
under: Bitovi
underurl: https://www.bitovi.com
phases: Discovery Phase
tools: Research, Sketch, After Effects
overview: Pipr is a concept project to assist in the estimation process for installing compressed air piping and products in industrial settings.
problemstatement: In the compressed air market, found that companies that install compressed air piping and products find the estimation process the most difficult and frustrating part of the job. There are many things that can go wrong when estimating a job which can leave the installer stuck eating the cost for misquoted jobs or spending additional costs for shipping to get unique fixtures delivered that were not identified upfront.
users:
persona:
constraints: The product needed to be easy to use, to be used in the field, have common items that can be saved and reused, and to do the math for the user. The stakeholders also preferred for the product to be produced for use on a low-cost tablet, since the use for this products would be for job sites and tossed into a work truck.
process: We began this project by meeting with stakeholders in the compressed air market to identify pain points in their estimation process. for the most part, the current process of estimating is done using a yellow legal pad and a pen. Users in the field measure the room, write down numbers, and do loose sketches of the area. Several problems with this method are that items are missed and not realized until the paper gets back to the office for another person to put the quote together, individuals handwriting can be difficult to read, measurements can be noted incorrectly or missed altogether.
processdoc:
processdocprompt:
outcome: Bitovi had been working on an application for rendering 3D spaces and we thought that this would be a good use for that platform. We created and refined several user flows, vetted them with the stakeholders, and created a concept design to submit to the stakeholders.
externalurl:
externalprompt: Pipr Concept Video
collection-image: pipr-1.png
image01: pipr-3.png
image02: pipr-4.png
image03: pipr-5.png
image04: pipr-6.png
image05: pipr-7.png
---

Commit message:

meta descriptions for all pages

_portfolio/pipr.md, after:

---
layout: single-template
meta: Ryan Wilson has worked on many client projects. These are just an example of some of the excellent product design work that he could do on your project.
type: product
project: Pipr
role: Product Designer
client: Lowes
year: 2018
under: Bitovi
underurl: https://www.bitovi.com
phases: Discovery Phase
tools: Research, Sketch, After Effects
overview: Pipr is a concept project to assist in the estimation process for installing compressed air piping and products in industrial settings.
problemstatement: In the compressed air market, found that companies that install compressed air piping and products find the estimation process the most difficult and frustrating part of the job. There are many things that can go wrong when estimating a job which can leave the installer stuck eating the cost for misquoted jobs or spending additional costs for shipping to get unique fixtures delivered that were not identified upfront.
users:
persona:
constraints: The product needed to be easy to use, to be used in the field, have common items that can be saved and reused, and to do the math for the user. The stakeholders also preferred for the product to be produced for use on a low-cost tablet, since the use for this products would be for job sites and tossed into a work truck.
process: We began this project by meeting with stakeholders in the compressed air market to identify pain points in their estimation process. for the most part, the current process of estimating is done using a yellow legal pad and a pen. Users in the field measure the room, write down numbers, and do loose sketches of the area. Several problems with this method are that items are missed and not realized until the paper gets back to the office for another person to put the quote together, individuals handwriting can be difficult to read, measurements can be noted incorrectly or missed altogether.
processdoc:
processdocprompt:
outcome: Bitovi had been working on an application for rendering 3D spaces and we thought that this would be a good use for that platform. We created and refined several user flows, vetted them with the stakeholders, and created a concept design to submit to the stakeholders.
externalurl:
externalprompt: Pipr Concept Video
collection-image: pipr-1.png
image01: pipr-3.png
image02: pipr-4.png
image03: pipr-5.png
image04: pipr-6.png
image05: pipr-7.png
---
