_portfolio/yola.md, before:

---
layout: single-template
meta: Ryan Wilson has worked on many client projects. These are just an example of some of the excellent product design work that he could do on your project.
type: product
project: Yola Yoga (nda)
role: Concept Designer
client: Yola Yoga (nda)
year: 2018
under: Bitovi
underurl: https://www.bitovi.com
phases: Concept Design
tools: Research, Sketch, Axure
overview: Yola Yoga is a placeholder concept for a client who asked not publicly share information about their application. While we can't share information about the real client's product, we can say that it is an innovative, online, remote training method that has benefited many during the COVID-19 lockdown.
problemstatement: How do you reach and share information with users that are across the world? Our client had a unique solution that follows strict privacy laws while still allowing real-time video training and student engagement. We helped out client realize this concept as a usable product.
users:
webppersona:
persona:
constraints: • Video training must be secure <br> • Video training Trainers must have access to review their videos from home, even if the video was recorded on a device on location <br> • Starting and stopping video recordings and taking still images from the camera feed must be simple and hands-free <br> • Multiple video sources may be provided to the outgoing main feed
process: We had a long term relationship with this client and wanted to recommend some functional and aesthetic improvements to their product.
processdoc:
processdocprompt:
outcome: The client loved the proposed concept design. They have used the screens and updated flow to help generate more interest and funding for their product.
externalurl:
externalprompt:
webpcollection-image: yola-yoga-01.webp
webpimage01: yola-yoga-02.webp
webpimage02: yola-yoga-03.webp
webpimage03: yola-yoga-04.webp
webpimage04: yola-yoga-05.webp
webpimage05: yola-yoga-06.webp
collection-image: yola-yoga-01.jpg
image01: yola-yoga-02.jpg
image02: yola-yoga-03.jpg
image03: yola-yoga-04.jpg
image04: yola-yoga-05.jpg
image05: yola-yoga-06.jpg
---

Commit message:

Updates all page content, including dividing Experience and References pages

_portfolio/yola.md, after:

---
layout: single-template
meta: Ryan Wilson has worked on many client projects. These are just an example of some of the excellent product design work that he could do on your project.
type: product
project: Yola Yoga (nda)
role: Concept Designer
client: Yola Yoga (nda)
year: 2018
under: Bitovi
underurl: https://www.bitovi.com
phases: Concept Design
tools: Research, Sketch, Axure
overview: Yola Yoga is a placeholder concept for a client who asked not publicly share information about their application. While we can't share information about the real client's product, we can say that it is an innovative, online, remote training method that has benefited many during the COVID-19 lockdown.
problemstatement: How do you reach and share information with users that are across the world? Our client had a unique solution that follows strict privacy laws while still allowing real-time video training and student engagement. We helped out client realize this concept as a usable product.
users:
webppersona:
persona:
constraints: <ul> <li>Video training must be secure</li> <li>Video training Trainers must have access to review their videos from home, even if the video was recorded on a device on location</li> <li>Starting and stopping video recordings and taking still images from the camera feed must be simple and hands-free</li> <li>Multiple video sources may be provided to the outgoing main feed</li> </ul>
process: We had a long term relationship with this client and wanted to recommend some functional and aesthetic improvements to their product.
processdoc:
processdocprompt:
outcome: The client loved the proposed concept design. They have used the screens and updated flow to help generate more interest and funding for their product.
value: <ul><li>Cleaner, modern interface – improved visual value</li> <li>Increase usability – While the application is for educational purposes, the UI patterns borrow from common video entertainment products</li> <li>Value for the client and developers – Provided living style guide so page and pattern expansion will be easier to implement in the future</li> </ul>
externalurl:
externalprompt:
webpcollection-image: yola-yoga-01.webp
webpimage01: yola-yoga-02.webp
webpimage02: yola-yoga-03.webp
webpimage03: yola-yoga-04.webp
webpimage04: yola-yoga-05.webp
webpimage05: yola-yoga-06.webp
collection-image: yola-yoga-01.jpg
image01: yola-yoga-02.jpg
image02: yola-yoga-03.jpg
image03: yola-yoga-04.jpg
image04: yola-yoga-05.jpg
image05: yola-yoga-06.jpg
---
