examples.md, before:

---
layout: examples-template
title: Projects
permalink: /projects/
meta: Ryan G. Wilson is a UX Leader. He has managed successful teams for six years of his 20+ year career. Ryan holds a PhD in Human Computer Interaction, a Master of Fine Arts in Graphic Design, a Masters in HCI, and a Bachelors in Interactive Multimedia. He is a UX Generalist, excelling in leading projects, performing research, keeping documentation, visualizing complexity, working with stakeholders, running workshops, creating wireframes, building prototypes, running user tests, & shipping products. He has helped companies large and small improve their products through his product design experience.
subtitle: Leader, Educator, Mentor, UX Generalist
card-content: I create products that align to the stakeholders wants and the users needs. I’ve led projects for many well-known clients, including Apple, Lowes, Kroger, and Yum, as well as many start-ups and smaller clients. My focus has always been to understand the audience, develop empathy for those users, and create a delightful and empowering product. I communicate across teams and work with developers to ensure that what I'm proposing to be built can be built and in a reasonable timeline.
---

Commit message:

adds note examples page calling out that new work is coming soon, updates kroger and Yum product names

examples.md, after:

---
layout: examples-template
title: Projects
permalink: /projects/
meta: Ryan G. Wilson is a UX Leader. He has managed successful teams for six years of his 20+ year career. Ryan holds a PhD in Human Computer Interaction, a Master of Fine Arts in Graphic Design, a Masters in HCI, and a Bachelors in Interactive Multimedia. He is a UX Generalist, excelling in leading projects, performing research, keeping documentation, visualizing complexity, working with stakeholders, running workshops, creating wireframes, building prototypes, running user tests, & shipping products. He has helped companies large and small improve their products through his product design experience.
subtitle: Leader, Educator, Mentor, UX Generalist
card-content: I create products that align to the stakeholders wants and the users needs. I’ve led projects for many well-known clients, including Apple, Lowes, Kroger, and Yum, as well as many start-ups and smaller clients. My focus has always been to understand the audience, develop empathy for those users, and create a delightful and empowering product. I communicate across teams and work with developers to ensure that what I'm proposing to be built can be built and in a reasonable timeline.
overview: Below you will find case studies representing my Product Design work. I have led many end-to-end projects. Many of those projects I am unable to share, and some of the case studies below are short on visuals to to client privacy. <br><br>I'm in the process of adding visual examples of Research, User Observation & Testing, User Flows, Product Roadmaps/Feature Timelines, Wireframes, and Prototypes that I have created. <br>
---
