experience.md, before:

---
layout: experience-template
title: 20+ Years Experience
permalink: /experience/
meta: Ryan Wilson is an experienced product designer, leader, educator, and more. Many people have said very kind things about working with him. Read what they have to say.
subtitle: Product Designer, Leader, Educator, Graphic Designer, Animator
card-content: I’ve been creating products for clients focused on user-centered design for over 20 years. I hold several advanced degrees, including a Ph.D. and Master of Science in Human Computer Interaction, an MFA in Graphic Design, and a Bachelors in Visual Communication. I pride myself on a drive towards leadership throughout my career, from being elevated to the role of Art Director at age 23, to serving in leadership roles at several companies, to teaching the next generation of designers, to mentoring my staff.
sidebar-title01: Education
sidebar-title02: Examples
sidebar-title03: Experience
sidebar-title04: Expertise
main-title-02: References
---
I’m proud of the successful relationships I’ve built throughout my career by being trustworthy, goal-oriented, and easy to work with. Here are a few things some people I’ve worked with have said -

Commit message:

Updates all page content, including dividing Experience and References pages

experience.md, after:

---
layout: experience-template
title: 20+ Years Experience
permalink: /experience/
meta: Ryan Wilson is an experienced product designer, leader, educator, and more. Many people have said very kind things about working with him. Read what they have to say.
subtitle: Product Designer, Leader, Educator, Mentor, Graphic Designer, Animator
card-content: I’ve been creating products for clients focused on user-centered design for over 20 years. I hold four advanced degrees; a Ph.D. and Master of Science in Human Computer Interaction, an MFA in Graphic Design, and a Bachelors in Visual Communication. In addition, I pride myself on a drive towards leadership throughout my career, from being elevated to the role of Art Director at age 23, to serving in leadership roles at several companies, teaching the next generation of designers, and mentoring my staff.
overview: For detailed descriptions of the above roles and education, or to see more work experience dating back 20+ years, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ryangwilson/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">please visit my proflie on LinkedIn</a>.
sidebar-title01: Education
sidebar-title02: Examples
sidebar-title03: Experience
sidebar-title04: Expertise
---
