index.md, before:

---
layout: about-template
title: About Ryan
permalink: /
subtitle: Product Designer, Graphic Designer, Leader
card-content: Ryan is a Product Designer working for Bitovi. For over twenty years Ryan has been creating products with the user in mind. His passions are in the User Experience Process - research, understanding the user, developing product requirements, creating mockups and building prototypes, and iterating through documentation. He aims to understand and empathize with the needs, wants, and limitations of end-users to help create a better experience for that end-user.
main-title-01: Featured Work
main-title-02: References
content-02: One of the most important things that clients are looking for is trustworthyness. "Can this person know what they are doing and can do the work that they are saying they can?". Ryan has found that the best way to show ability and trust is through the voices of people he has worked with in the past.
main-title-03: Articles, Papers, & Other Musings
content-03: Ryan enjoys writing about things that interest him; user experience, graphic design, animation, etc.
---

Commit message:

meta description for landing page test

index.md, after:

---
layout: about-template
title: About Ryan
permalink: /
meta: Ryan Wilson is an experienced, trustworthy Product Designer. If you are looking for someone to improve the user experience of your product, let me introduce you to Ryan.
subtitle: Product Designer, Graphic Designer, Leader
card-content: Ryan is a Product Designer working for Bitovi. For over twenty years Ryan has been creating products with the user in mind. His passions are in the User Experience Process - research, understanding the user, developing product requirements, creating mockups and building prototypes, and iterating through documentation. He aims to understand and empathize with the needs, wants, and limitations of end-users to help create a better experience for that end-user.
main-title-01: Featured Work
main-title-02: References
content-02: One of the most important things that clients are looking for is trustworthyness. "Can this person know what they are doing and can do the work that they are saying they can?". Ryan has found that the best way to show ability and trust is through the voices of people he has worked with in the past.
main-title-03: Articles, Papers, & Other Musings
content-03: Ryan enjoys writing about things that interest him; user experience, graphic design, animation, etc.
---
